I'm just having some grog like my sound
of it
I'm just having some gruff to this clay
you can either
watching a video lately
you chip 15 years now
after a woman called ask our not solving
Canaries
I suppose
never the most simple
beautiful shapes will never be seen at
night
I'm trying to do we sir
slow the wheel down a bit
really currency to these
it's simple white stone where I think
she's got a bus stop where would you put
so I'd sleep on a gram looking I've been
selling a nice heavily grog
that's why it still mattered I'm not
gonna produce sleep on this it was so on
a nice simple white nuclear eyes of
these
what she did so dude I'm trying to throw
them well I don't have to throw the
outside profile
so underneath here she's a pristine
with my finger
trying to show you I'm doing this
underneath there to form the foot ring
I'm not gonna touch this foolery when I
turn it what I'm gonna do is I'm just
gonna roll the bowl my finger
but what she does this is what I'm doing
just get before
just a hint of a lip
so
shan't when I come to surveys I shot a
shot
touch this profile now I'll leave it and
just turn the inside for him
just do one more
it's a conscious effort to smell this
very impatient with Australia I just
want to go onto the next one
the reader should send its own
it would normally with a bowl
with the ridges out of the inside to
make it a little bit more functional
sponge
now for an amazed by this young woman's
throwing in pops wonderful put a link up
yeah might have already seen it
possible kind of serenity to listen